# IELTS Speaking Part 2 Topics & Questions.

## The Talk

A face to face to talk to the examiner(3-4 minutes)

you will be given a topic card.you will have 1minute to prepare your talk and then you will need to speak for 1-2 minutes.start preparing as soon as you are given the card,paper and pen.The examiner will let you know when to start talking as long as you can.Most topics are stories.
about yourself or something that happened in your life .These topics will help you prepare in 2023.


## Book

- what kind of book it is.
- what it is about.
- what sort of people would enjoy it.
- and explain why you liked. 

## Daily Routine 

- what time of day it is.
- what you do at that time.
- who you are usually with.
- and explain why you like it.

*Daily routine.*

well.my daily routine doen't start at 6 am.I am a night owl .i usually wake up between 10-10.30 am .after i finished the clean up then i straightly go to my room.i open my laptop and check wether there have  new emails.then i go to make hot my tea and i have that while scrolling down in linkedin.I know my routine is not a good one. but i used to do it.linkedin is my favourite social media ;and its so informative .after that, i start to do my homework ,or i attent to the classes,i offenly have the breakfast.Otherwise i have my lunch around 1-2 pm....

## Communication 

- when this happend
- who gave you the advice
- what the advice was
- and explain how you felt about the advice.
- 
*communication*
when it comes to talking about advice ,i have recieved so many advice from many people ,but i remember an advice that i always keep in my head. that person said like this,"be a good man,but don't be a so good one".this advice changed my life.that helped me at the  every  situation.you know,i usually trust every person that who talked me very nicely.i begin to trust them.that makes me truble in sometimes.we don't have to be nice in every time .isn't it?....


## Describe a time when you needed to study hard for something

You should say:
- What you studied for
- why you were studying
- why it was important to study hard and explain what happened as a result.

## Describe a member of the your family you get on well with

- who it is
- what relationship you have to that person
- what that person is like
- what you do together
- and explain why you get on so well.

## Describe an exercise you know

- what it is
- how it is done
- when you first tried it
- what kind of people it is suitable for
- and explain why you think is is a good exercise

